As usual your honor. Mr. Swindel
Is misrepresenting
the chain of events.
When the officers entered
the premises...
- they kicked in my client's
door without a warrant.
- Is that true?
- The officers heard
a toilet flushing.
- Luis has a weak bladder.
- The police didn't need
a warrant, your honor.
There were clearly
exigent circumstances.
- Yeah, that's right, for Luis.
He downed a six-pack, judge.
Under the fourth amendment,
that search was illegal.
- It was clear to the officers
that the defendant
was destroying his stash.
- They have X-ray vision,
do they?
- Move to exclude, your honor.
- Done. Next.
- Exigent circumstances.
Very nice.
- Not nice enough.
- Hey, you took a shot.
I respect that.
- Ms. Valdez, approach
the bench, if you don't mind.
8:00?
Okay, enough already.
I'll talk to her this week.
- How many times
have I heard that?
- This time I mean it.
Where'd you park?
I'll walk you.
- I'm fine.
I'm just around the corner.
- Night, then.
- Goodnight.
Drive safe.
Ray?
Help!
Oh, my god!
- Oh, my...
Help! Somebody help!
- Yes, I need an ambulance.
Uh, 2424 rush street.
Stay with me, ray.
Just keep breathing.
Come on, ray, just stay with me.
- Anna, I know it's hard,
but if you can remember
anything else...
Anything you heard,
anything you saw.
Did you see
anyone else in the street?
- I...
I wasn't really looking.
I got to my car,
I heard the shots,
I saw a motorcycle...
I heard four gunshots.
I definitely...
Heard four gunshots.
- Yeah.
Can I get you something?
You sit tight.
I'll be right back.
Sit tight.
Officer.
- How's she doing?
- It's a tough thing to see.
- Want me to take her home?
- No, I'll do it.
- Pd found the shell casings.
The shooter used a .32
close range.
Feels like a hit.
Kinzie sat on the bench
for 15 years.
Probably put away
over 500 bad guys.
- That's 500 motives.
- I'll see if any of them
got out recently.
Canvass the area.
Maybe somebody saw something.
Hey, I'm gonna take you home.
- How is he?
- Anna...
I'm sorry.
- Come on.
Come on.
- The orange sticker
on the windscreen
of the motorcycle.
- As he drove toward me,
I didn't see
the actual shooting.
- And the guy on the bike...
- Was wearing a full helmet
with a face shield.
There's got to be
surveillance footage
from the credit union
down the street.
I'll call their security team
and we can...
- The shooter had to have
passed it.
- I said no, Anna.
What were you doing
at Sheridan's?
I was there having a drink,
just like everyone else.
- With judge Kinzie?
- I was there alone.
He came in.
I lost the Diaz motion in front
of him that afternoon.
He came over to say
no hard feelings.
- That's it?
Who was he with?
- I didn't notice.
- And yet you left
the bar together.
- I left the bar,
walked to my car,
and heard the gunshots.
Four of them.
- Maybe you should take
a couple of days.
- No, I'm okay.
I should get back to work.
- Do they still teach about
the Chinese wall in law school?
- No way, Peter.
No!
You're not excluding me
from this investigation!
The appearance of impropriety
alone could be a problem later.
If I were you, I would go home
and rest for a couple of days.
- Then there are plenty
of other cases on your desk.
- I spoke with the mayor.
"This rocks the foundation
of civilization," he says.
- Five kids are killed over
the weekend, crickets.
- Those kids weren't
at his daughter's wedding.
Man. Man. Man.
Every year ray and I
went ice fishing.
Shabbona lake,
president's day weekend.
Been doing it since
I was a rookie on the force,
and he was fresh out
of law school.
- I'm sorry, mark.
- He could be her damn father.
- Anna said they just happened
to leave the bar
at the same time.
- And you believe her?
- I do.
Stone.
Good.
Okay.
Cpd arrested a guy trying
to rob a liquor store.
Ballistics says he was using
the same gun that killed Kinzie.
He was on video
at a soup kitchen
at the time of the shooting.
- You know,
every new year's Eve,
Raymond and I would
toast each other.
And he would say, "this is it:".
My last year on the bench."
He could be a counsel
at a downtown firm.
Have a big office,
take clients to lunch or teach.
That's what he really
wanted to do.
We're very sorry, Mrs. Kinzie.
- I apologize.
Um, can I get you something?
People brought so much food.
I think I have
six kinds of cake.
Coffee.
- We're... we're fine,
but if you could just tell us...
- Where I was when ray died.
I'm a suspect, aren't I?
- No, of course not.
We were just wondering if your
husband happened to mention
who he was meeting
at the bar that night.
- No, I thought he was...
After a long week, he liked
to have a quiet drink
before he fought the traffic.
- Did he mention any threats?
Anyone that might
want to hurt him?
- We decided a long time ago
ray would never bring
his work home with him.
- This your daughter?
- Caitlin,
our foster daughter, yes.
We're talking about
adopting her.
- Hm. Can we talk to her?
- She's actually not really
feeling very well.
This whole thing has...
- I'm sure, but you never know.
Caitlin might not even know
that she knows something.
- She, um, took my car
and went shopping.
- The Mercedes?
- Yes.
- I saw a Mercedes parked
in your garage when we came in.
She must've come home.
You didn't notice?
- We're worried that someone
might try to hurt
Caitlin or you, Mrs. Kinzie.
If the killer comes back...
- I haven't seen her
since ray was...
- where is she, Mrs. Kinzie?
- She's run away before,
but she always comes back
in a day or two.
She and ray
were fighting a lot recently.
- What about?
- I don't know.
She's a teenager.
- Can we see Caitlin's room?
- No phone, no laptop...
There's lots of metal.
- Hmm. Hell hath no fury
like a teenage girl.
My daughter and I
went from best friends
to mortal enemies overnight.
Nothing can prepare you for
the wrath of your spawn.
- Nope.
She got a thing for birds.
Lex Talionis?
- It's Latin.
Means "eye for an eye."
- I'm impressed.
- Head altar boy at St. John's.
Free wine and incense.
What's not to like?
- Looks like Caitlin was
a regular at cafe jumping bean.
Maybe the barista knows
who she hangs out with.
- May-December?
It's my bread and butter.
That's why they call this
the Viagra triangle.
- All right.
- Uh...
Yeah, sure.
I think I seen her,
but the under-30s,
they all start to look the same.
What about this guy?
- Oh, now him...
Him I recognize, yeah.
Yeah, he was with the honey.
Mm-hmm.
- How often?
- Couple three times.
He's the one
shot outside, right?
- What can you tell me
about them?
- He was Grey goose;
She was Miller lite.
- The other night, did they
come in together?
- No, she was at the bar alone.
I remember because she ordered
the fried calamari
and then didn't touch it.
Then he turns up maybe
ten minutes later and digs in.
- You didn't happen to hear
what they were talking about,
did you?
- When he sat down,
she says right away,
"did you tell her yet?"
Something like that.
- Have you seen this girl?
- I got her.
- Caitlin, stop!
Uhh!
- Ow!
What the hell?!
- Bitch bit me.
- Lex Talionis, baby.
- Yeah.
- Should've bit her back.
- Friday night, I got my tattoo
at the ink tank on Belmont.
Is that a crime now?
- It is if you're under 18.
- Barbara signed for me.
- We both know that's crap,
Caitlin.
- Get away from me!
- And you got
"an eye for an eye"
because you're a fan of Gandhi?
- Yeah, this is America.
I live with a judge, remember?
I know my rights.
- We asked if you
wanted a lawyer.
You said no.
- Yeah, but I'm a minor.
- And we have a subpoena.
- If you're gonna go all
constitutional on us,
for resisting arrest,
assaulting a police officer,
and obstructing
an investigation.
- Why don't you
just suck my ass?
- Wow. No wonder
you haven't been adopted.
- Okay.
Mrs. Kinzie said you were
fighting with the judge.
What about?
- I said he was a douche.
He disagreed.
- Maybe we can be more specific.
- The dude monitored my phone
like I was 12.
He inspected my outfit like he
was the frickin' fashion police.
That's what a father...
- he's not my father!
He didn't care about me.
I was just his rent-a-kid
to ease his rich suburban guilt.
- Did he hurt you?
Because if he did...
- huh? No. Gross.
Are we done here?
- Not even close.
- Give me a minute with her.
- Watch out.
She bites.
- I'm Asa Valdez.
- Yeah?
Your mommy coming to pick you up
after work?
- I know yours was doing life
until she was Shanked
in the shower.
- Yeah.
Well, it's tough being
a crack whore.
- The Kinzies took you in.
They cleaned you up,
gave you a home.
- Like I said, guilt makes
people do all k...
- still, you took a bat
to the windows of his car.
He could've had you arrested,
but he didn't.
Why is that, Caitlin?
- You're Anna Valdez.
He said
I could be just like you.
- I don't think you
killed him, Caitlin,
but I got to tell you,
things are not looking good
for you right now.
- Like I care.
- You care a lot.
I know you do.
Judge Kinzie showed me
the birthday card you gave him.
You wrote, "thank you
for saving my life."
The Kinzies were the best thing
that ever happened to you.
If you were gonna kill him,
why'd you break his
car windows first?
That only points
all fingers at you.
I know you're smarter than that.
Ray told me about
your boyfriend's death.
Tell me about Orlando.
- Oh, my god.
You were screwing him.
- Can I speak with you?
- Did you kill him?
- Now!
Sit down!
- Look who just got bit.
- Yeah.
- I thought I could help.
- I don't want to hear it.
I told you to stay away
from this case.
- You're wasting your time.
- Go home.
- Caitlin didn't kill Kinzie.
- She did seem to know a lot
about the girl.
- if they were,
a competent defense attorney
will discredit anything
we learn from her.
- And if they weren't?
- She's still a witness.
If she's involved
as part of the prosecution team,
her testimony will be tainted.
- Right.
Looks like we have
to start digging
through Caitlin's
foster care files.
- Good luck.
- Heh.
- Damn,
this girl had a rough life.
Kinzie must've been a Saint.
- Hmm, and father
Jack Calahan agrees.
And I quote, "there are no
better foster candidates"
than the Kinzies."
Everybody loves this guy.
- Maybe that's his blessing
and his curse.
Good-looking guy like Kinzie,
hanging out in a bar
on a Friday night...
If he were my husband,
I might be jealous.
- And you'd hire somebody
to whack him?
- It's easier than divorce.
- Tell me about it.
Listen to this.
"I heard Raymond Kinzie
wants to be a foster parent.
"He's an awful judge
and an awful man
"who hates women
and protects rapists.
"Not only should he
be off the bench,
"he should be off the planet.
If you don't stop this, I will."
- Signed?
- "A gravely concerned citizen."
Now that's some anal-retentive
penmanship.
I mean, who the hell even
writes a letter these days?
- Someone whose rapist is being
protected by judge Kinzie?
In his 15 years on the bench,
Kinzie tried 47 rapes.
- Maybe we can narrow it down
with this.
- Nagel confirmed
Caitlin's alibi.
- I figured as much.
Why don't you just ask me?
- Ask you what?
- Ask me,
or I'm walking out that door.
- Were you sleeping with him?
- That's none of your business.
- Then say no.
- I shouldn't have to.
- There are...
Ethics rules.
- Do you think I'd do
anything unethical?
- Who were you referring to
when you asked Kinzie
if he had told her yet?
You're amazing.
- Look, I understand why
you're protecting
judge Kinzie's memory.
- You're very smart, Peter.
Probably the smartest
person I know,
but you're way off base on this.
Dinner was a nice touch, though.
- All it took
was a little TLC...
Thin-layer chromatography.
Funny, huh?
- Yeah. A riot.
Your letter was written on
limited-edition stationary
made by the berwyn press
in Oregon.
- Limited as in it wasn't
sold in that many stores?
- One in Chicago, to be precise.
- You're kidding.
- I had some free time
while you were drinking
coffee downstairs,
Stationary store near
central Chicago U.
- Do you mind?
Okay, let's see.
Kinzie tried three rape cases
involving women at CCU.
Ex-boyfriend charged,
blah blah...
Sentenced to 20 years.
The second case was dismissed
after the victim
recanted her testimony.
And finally...
- Seven years ago,
Stan Kendricks,
a member of the varsity
tennis team,
raped a freshman, Zoe Butler.
18 years old.
Bench trial.
Served five months.
- I'd think about
killing over that.
- I didn't think I could
ever forget what happened.
I kept replaying it in my head,
and then one day,
I was like, "screw this."
I'm not gonna let him
take my power away."
So I started coming
to these meetings.
And I felt better right away.
- Damn.
Gimme a minute.
- It was nice to know
I wasn't the only one.
- Hey.
How you been?
- Good.
Didn't recognize you
out of uniform.
I didn't know...
- It happened before the job.
I still come to these things.
I don't know why.
- We're looking for Zoe Butler.
Her neighbor said
she hangs at this church.
- If it's your first time,
you're safe.
- Right there.
Red sweatshirt.
- And we're really glad
you're here.
- Zoe Butler?
- Yes?
- You have a minute?
- Do I know you?
- We're from the state's
attorney's office.
- This is about
judge Kinzie, right?
- It is.
- Well, I can't say
I'm upset that he's dead,
- We'd love to take
your word for it, but...
- Friday night I was here, okay?
Lots of witnesses.
Look, if I was going
to kill someone,
it'd be Stan.
- The guy who raped you?
- That's right.
Unfortunately,
he left the country,
and I'm not about
to spend a nickel
chasing that prick down.
So are you going to arrest me,
or can I get a piece of Babka?
- Help yourself.
- She seems to have moved on.
- Mm. I wonder if
Kinzie's death helped.
Hey.
Zoe's, uh, elimination prints
in her rape file...
They matched the ones
on the bullets.
Look, I have 30 women
who will testify
that I was at a meeting
when Kinzie was shot.
- And we have bullets
with your prints on them.
- So we toss a century
of forensic science?
- Science, right.
After Stan raped me,
there were doctors
and psychiatrists
and social workers,
and they all said I
imagined the whole thing.
- The system screwed up
in your case, Zoe.
It happens,
but from where we're sitting,
if anyone had motive, it's you.
- Five months for rape?
- The good judge knocked it down
to criminal sexual abuse.
Sentenced him to a year.
He was released in five months.
- You must've been furious.
- I don't know why
you'd possibly say that.
I just went to party,
had too much to drink,
asked a friend to walk me home,
and blacked out.
Next thing I know,
I woke up in the grass
in Lincoln park
with his penis in my mouth
and him humping my face.
He left me there
with his semen all over my neck.
Then the great Kinzie...
He looks down from the bench
at the rest of us mere mortals
and says,
"Zoe, I'm gonna rape you again."
- And that's why you killed him.
- Screw you.
I've spent the last seven years
trying to put this behind me,
but it seems that rape
is the gift that
keeps on giving.
Lucky me.
- Sorry.
Traffic.
- What's the big secret?
- No secret.
I just thought you should know
that we arrested a suspect.
- Hey, where's it written
that I can't have a drink
with a girlfriend?
- So who killed ray?
- A woman named Zoe Butler.
- I know who Zoe is.
If everyone has a cross to bear,
she was Ray's.
- Did she harass him?
Threaten him?
- Not Zoe per se,
but the case...
Or rather, how he decided it.
- Kinzie really messed up.
He never read what the papers
said about his decisions,
but the Zoe Butler case
was different.
For some reason,
he couldn't shake that case.
- We all pick at scabs.
- It was horrible
what they wrote about him...
Some vicious articles.
- How many ways can you say
sexist pig?
- I'll show you.
- May I?
- Yeah.
- That's familiar.
I know that handwriting.
Who's she?
- I have no idea.
- It would really help
if you could ID this woman.
- I'm not gonna testify.
- Hey.
This is between us.
- It's important, Anita.
This woman threatened
judge Kinzie's life.
Torrent downloaded from RARBG.
She's a rape victim advocate.
Her name's Wendy Hoult.
- You're darn right I wrote it.
How did you know Kinzie was
applying to be a foster parent?
- I know plenty of people
in children and family services.
They how I think
the judicial system is rigged.
- The whole system?
Or just the system
in the Zoe Butler case?
You see?
It wasn't the Zoe Butler case.
It was the Stan Kendricks case.
Zoe was the victim.
But to answer your question,
the entire system is rigged.
- Where were you last Friday?
- In St. Louis at a conference.
I just got home this morning,
as a matter of fact.
So...
Two investigators show up
asking about
a seven-year-old rape.
What am I missing?
- Judge Kinzie was murdered.
- What?
Oh, my god.
I didn't think he meant it.
- Who?
- Uh, Jon Hoffman,
Zoe Butler's husband...
Ex-husband.
He stopped by last Thursday
saying, uh, there was no
justice in the world
and this was all judge Kinzie's
fault, and...
He said Kinzie would
pay for what he did.
- Did he say how
Kinzie would pay?
- He said he deserved
to be dead.
I thought he was just
ranting like he always does.
- Thank you.
- Friday night?
I was here, watching TV.
- Uh, what'd you watch?
- I don't remember.
Whatever was on.
Did I do something?
- We're here about your ex.
- Zoe?
- Mm-hmm.
- Is she okay?
- Actually, she's been arrested.
- For killing judge Kinzie.
- Wha... who?
- Come on.
The judge who presided
over her rape case.
Her prints were on bullets
in the murder weapon.
- No way.
She hated guns.
I bought her one; We went
to the shooting range once.
She said never again.
She left it here
when we split up.
- Great. Can we see it?
- No.
They stole the gun,
bunch of other stuff.
I filed a report with the cops.
They told me not to get
my hopes up.
Look, that's why her prints
are on the bullets.
There's no way she
would've killed anyone.
- That's what we figured.
- Those are nice goggles.
What kind of bike you ride?
- Those are my brother's.
- Well, you mind if I take
a look at his bike?
I'm thinking about getting one.
- I really have
to get back to work.
- That wasn't a request.
Sweet.
- I told my brother
he could store it here
while he's in Iraq.
He's in the army.
- Be sure to thank him
for his service.
- Yeah, I will.
- Right. Turn around.
Face the wall.
- What for?
- Just do it, please.
Jon Hoffman, you're under arrest
for the murder
of judge Raymond Kinzie.
I'm... I'm just lost as to
why a man would kill the judge
who wronged his ex
seven years ago.
But just reading all the witness
statements you sent me,
I would say that revenge
is a pretty good place to start.
- But they weren't together
when she was attacked.
- As society, we tend to focus
on the trauma of the survivor.
But what we're learning is
that the tentacles of rape
spread far and wide.
The extraordinarily violent
and violating nature of the act
creates this ripple effect
that touches anyone who has
had any relationship
with the survivor.
Family members, friends,
coworkers.
- Mm. Ex-husbands?
- Why not?
You know, Jon hears
that Zoe got raped.
Well, one response to feeling
helpless is to lash out
at the source of those feelings.
So he went after the guy
who set him free:
Judge Kinzie.
- One more question:
Why now?
- Why not now?
We all have our triggers.
Right? I mean...
He could've found a pair
of Zoe's socks
in the back of a drawer.
He could've seen her
crossing the street.
You know, the nature of triggers
is just so random.
They come out of nowhere.
I mean, who knows what
might've set him off?
- I haven't spoken to Jon
in three years,
since our divorce.
- Did he divorce you?
- No. I left him.
- Tell me about the marriage.
- When I first met Jon,
he was wonderful.
For the first time
in a long time,
I actually felt safe.
- Since you were raped?
- Did you tell Jon about the
rape before you were married?
- No, I was ashamed,
but when I did tell him
about what Stan Kendricks
did to me,
he changed.
He put triple locks
on all the doors.
He insisted on driving me
to work every day
and picking me up.
He bought me a gun and wanted me
to carry it in my purse.
- Did you?
- No.
I hid it in my closet.
- I show you what's been marked
as people's exhibit 12.
Is this the gun that
Jon bought for you?
- It looks like it.
I don't really know.
- You didn't like that Jon
was trying to keep you safe?
- I'd wake up in the middle
of the night,
and he was sitting in a chair,
staring at me.
I went to lunch
with people from work,
and I saw him outside.
He was obsessed.
- When you moved out,
did you take the gun?
- No. I had forgotten
about it by then.
- Last question.
Why did you divorce Jon?
- He only saw me as a victim.
He never saw me as a survivor.
- When you were first
brought in for questioning,
did you tell the investigators
that Jon had bought you
this gun?
- But did you tell them
that Jon owned a gun?
- No.
- Why not?
- I don't know.
I didn't think about it.
- But when Mr. stone asked you
why you were divorced,
one of the reasons you gave
was this gun.
Wait a minute, did you even
tell the investigators
you had been married?
- No.
- All due respect, Ms. Butler,
but that's a little weird,
don't you think?
I mean, they were accusing you
of murdering judge Kinzie,
and you forgot to tell them
that your overly protective ex
owned a gun just like
the murder weapon?
- Talking about Jon is painful.
- Because he tried his best
to love and protect you?
- Because everything he did...
It was like...
He made me re-live the rape
every day.
- Which, let's face it,
gave you a huge motive
to want judge Kinzie dead.
- Objection.
- Sustained.
- I was at my car.
- Outside of Sheridan's bar?
- Yes.
- How many drinks did you have?
- Two.
- And you would say
you were inebriated?
- No.
- Tell the court
what happened then.
- I heard four gunshots
when I got to my car.
I turned around and saw
a motorcycle speeding toward me.
- Was there anything
in particular you noticed
about the motorcycle?
- I saw an orange flash
on the front windscreen...
A sticker of some sort.
- In your time at cook county
state's attorney's office,
- Yes, I have been your
second chair on several trials.
- Could you see judge Kinzie's
face when he was on the ground?
- No.
- Then how'd you
know it was him?
- We left Sheridan's
at the same time.
- Was that a coincidence,
Ms. Valdez?
- No.
- Tell us about it,
why don't you?
- We had drinks together.
- Was this the first time?
- No.
- May we approach, your honor?
In light of the people's
failure to disclose
the romantic relationship
between this witness
and the victim,
I move to exclude
all of her testimony.
- First of all, we know
of no romantic relationship.
I'm ready to put the bartender
from Sheridan's on the stand.
I'm sure she told you
exactly what she told me.
- Which is?
- The first thing the witness
said to judge Kinzie was,
and I quote,
"did you tell her yet?"
You don't have to be married
to know what that means.
- The jury can consider
this evidence.
- Thank you, your honor.
- Don't thank me yet, Mr. stone.
You can expect
an instruction so harsh
that the jury will disregard
Ms. Valdez's testimony
on their own.
Valdez.
Send her up.
- Thank you for seeing me.
My friend told me what
happened in court today.
I want to apologize
if I caused you...
- I'm fine.
- It never ends.
- I'm so sorry you have
to go through this again.
- Everyone thinks I
should hate judge Kinzie.
But the truth is,
Stan Kendricks getting
such a short sentence...
It was my fault.
- No, it wasn't, Zoe.
- I met with the probation
officer prior to sentencing.
She asked me what I wanted.
After living through
the nightmare
and re-living it
in the courtroom,
I still...
I know this sounds weird,
but I still felt sorry for Stan.
It's crazy, but I felt like...
I was going to ruin
Stan's whole life
because he made
one stupid mistake.
That went into
the P.O.'S report.
Judge Kinzie
just did what I asked.
- Wow.
- I know.
I am stupid.
After lots of therapy,
I realized just how stupid.
I should've paid for that,
not judge Kinzie.
- You are not responsible
for what Jon did.
- I've taken enough
of your time.
I should be the happiest
girl on the planet...
Starting a new chapter
in my life with my fiancé.
- I didn't want Blake
to get dragged into this mess.
I mean, he knows, but...
- Off the record?
- Yeah, come in.
I probably lost the case anyway.
- I don't know
if I ever said it,
but I am sorry about Kinzie.
- This is exactly what
ray dreaded most...
A case in which the law
gets in the way of justice.
- Like a five-month
sentence for a rape?
- He was just following
the probation officer's
Presentencing report.
- Martha Stewart
served more time.
- And Teddy Kennedy
never served a day.
- Touché.
- If I learned one thing
from Zoe,
it's to focus on the future.
After all this,
she's getting married.
Good luck in court tomorrow.
- Thank you.
- Can I ask?
- Something Dr. Charles told me.
- Mr. stone.
I'd like you to meet Blake,
my fiancé.
- It's nice to meet you.
It's very kind of you
to come out and support Zoe.
- I love her.
It's the least I could do.
- Uh, when are you
getting married?
- This summer.
- And it's a big wedding?
- All our friends will be there.
- How could you bring him here?
- Sit down, Jon.
- I moved on, Jon.
You moved on.
Kendricks moved on.
- Jon...
- Everybody moved on!
- Jon!
Stop it.
- Everybody moved on but me!
- Is that why you
killed the judge?
- You're damn right it is!
- We should talk.
It's over, Jon.
- How did that happen?
- Zoe announced her engagement
on Facebook
a few days before
Jon killed judge Kinzie.
That's what triggered him.
- I can't believe
he agreed to 30 years.
- A courtroom full of people
heard him confess.
- Let me ask you this.
If I told you I wasn't
sleeping with ray,
would you have believed me?
- I don't know.
Maybe skepticism is some
sort of evolutionary shield
that helps the species survive.
The truth is,
if I flat-out said
there's no way I would
ever sleep with ray,
it wouldn't have changed
your investigation one bit.
We are all endowed
by our creator
with unalienable rights.
I recall reading that
in some old document.
Is the right to be respected
by your fellow man.
If my relationship with ray,
whatever it was,
would've helped you catch
or convict his killer,
I would've told you.
But because I knew it didn't,
I figured I'd rely on...
Another right referenced
in that dusty old document.
- Privacy.